Manchester City bounced back from their recent 4-2 derby defeat by easing to victory against West Ham.

An own goal by James Collins and Sergio Aguero's 20th Barclays Premier League strike of the season was enough to give City the three points.

Here, Sportsmail's Chris Wheeler rates the players' performances at the Etihad Stadium. 

MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1)

JOE HART 6 - The England goalkeeper couldn’t have wished for a quieter 28th birthday, and was rarely called into action by a toothless West Ham. 

PABLO ZABALETA 6.5 – Treated for bloody nose early on but that was about the extent of the damage inflicted on City. Got forward well as usual. 

Manchester City right back Pablo Zabaleta keeps Enner Valencia at bay by putting in a crunching challenge 

MARTIN DEMICHELIS 6 – Careless slip let in Carlton Cole in the first half but otherwise looked relatively comfortable alongside a new defensive partner in Mangala. 

ELIAQUIM MANGALA 7 - Dominant display from City’s £32million defender who was able to enjoy a trouble-free return to the line-up, and snuffed out the few threats offered by the Hammers. 

ALEKSANDAR KOLAROV 6.5 – Went close with slightly deflected freekick and another effort from a tight angle in the second half. Defensively, faced little threat from Valencia. 

FRANK LAMPARD 6 – Only his fifth Premier League start for City and of lack match sharpness showed on occasions as his touch let him down. 

Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard was given a rare chance to impress by starting against West Ham

FERNANDO 6.5 – Didn’t have too much on his plate but was alert to track Kouyate’s burst from midfield in the first half and produced a fantastic interception tackle. 

JESUS NAVAS 8 – Much better from the little Spaniard. More direct and looked for an earlier pass, which contributed to both of City’s first two goals. 

Jesus Navas played a major role in Manchester City's two goals at the Etihad Stadium

YAYA TOURE 7 – A more lively display than of late from the much-maligned Ivorian who passed the ball well and his interception started the move for City’s second goal. 

DAVID SILVA 6.5 – Subdued display despite going close with a couple of efforts, and stretchered off following lengthy treatment after taking an elbow to the head from Kouyate. 

SERGIO AGUERO 7.5 – The Argentine’s third goal in two games took his total to 26 for the season, and the top of the Premier League scoring charts with 20. Can’t argue with that. 

Sergio Aguero celebrates with City team-mates Navas and Yaya Toure after putting his side 2-0 up

Manchester City ace Sergio Aguero wheels away in celebration after scoring his 20th Premier League goal

Subs: Caballero, Sagna, Boyata, Fernandinho (for Lampard 88), Nasri (for Silva 75, 6), Dzeko (for Aguero 90+1), Pozo.

Scorers: Collins og 18, Aguero 36

Booked: Navas, Silva 

WEST HAM (4-1-4-1)

ADRIAN 6 – Had little chance with either of City’s goals, particularly Collins’s own-goal which looped over his head and in off the underside of the bar. 

CARL JENKINSON 6 – One of West Ham’s better defenders and produced an excellent interception to deny Aguero an almost certain goal in the second half. 

JAMES COLLINS 5 – Won’t enjoy seeing a replay of his freakish own-goal. Almost redeemed himself with a great block on Silva – but not quite. 

West Ham centre back James Collins diverted the ball past Adrian to give Manchester City an early lead 

WINSTON REID 5.5 – Did his best to hold City at bay but guilty of an awful dive in the dying stages that was thankfully ignored by the referee and ridiculed by the City fans.

AARON CRESSWELL 5.5 – After his goalscoring exploits against Stoke last weekend, had a difficult afternoon up against Navas and struggled to cope at times.

ALEX SONG 5 – Had his hands full trying to screen West ham’s defence against the blue tide in the first half and replaced by Jarvis as Big Sam tried to salvage something in the second.

Alex Song, pictured with Lampard, was replaced by manager Sam Allardyce in the 66th minute 

CHEIKHOU KOUYATE 6 – His arm into Silva’s face was the talking point of a dull game. It seemed to be more careless than malicious but City may think otherwise.

MARK NOBLE 5 – Overrun in midfield and was able to offer his team very little. Struggled tpo get into the game at all.

STEWART DOWNING 4.5 – Lost the ball in the build-up to City’s second goal and that summed up his performance. Below-par and lacked any impact at all.

ENNER VALENCIA 6 – Anonymous in the first half but picked up a bit after the interval and had West Ham’s best effort with a fine individual run and shot.

CARLTON COLE 4.5 – Was gifted the Hammers’ best opportunity in the first half but took too long to get a shot off. Struggled with little service and replaced by Nolan.

Carlton Cole failed to impress on his first start  since his side's 0-0 draw with Southampton in February

Subs: Nolan (for Cole 66, 6), Jarvis (for Song 66, 6), Nene, O’Brien, Amalfitano, Jaaskelainen, Burke.

Booked: Kouyate, Downing

Referee: Anthony Taylor 6.5

Star man: Jesus Navas

 

@highlight

Man City bounced back from derby defeat with 2-0 win over West Ham 

@highlight

Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season during victory

@highlight

Jesus Navas impressed on the right-hand side of City's midfield 

@highlight

Manuel Pellegrini's side have moved to within one point of rivals UnitedBy 
Richard Shears

PUBLISHED:

04:49 EST, 15 March 2013


| 

UPDATED:

04:50 EST, 15 March 2013

It was a job opportunity that sounded too good to be true – sailing on a yacht through Australia’s tropical islands in return for working as an on-board nanny, caring for the skipper’s young son.

And it was too good to be true, for skipper John Collins was a serial rapist who, when police finally caught up with him and he stood before a court in Brisbane today, was convicted of assaulting seven young women on board the yacht.

With his hair pulled back in a pony tail, the 74-year-old sailor was found guilty of 10 counts of rape and five of stupefying his victims in order to commit an offence. He will be sentenced early next month.

Serial rapist: John Collins, 74, lured young women with the prospect of a job aboard his yacht in Queensland

Although the nationalities of the young women who fell for his promises of a life of luxury and sunshine aboard his yacht, Pan Pacific, have not been revealed, Crown Prosecutor David Nardone told Brisbane District Court at an earlier hearing that Collins’ youngest victim was just 17.

Mr Nardone said Collins deliberately targeted young women by introducing himself as a prospective employer looking for a nanny to travel with him on his boat, caring for his young son.

Four of the women who fell for the lure, said Mr Nardon, were drugged by Collins before he took advantage of them.

The 17-year-old was initially offered a job in 1986 as a receptionist at a motel he owned in Queensland, but when she turned up to start her employment she was told he had been called to his yacht, moored nearby, and she should meet him there.

On board, they discussed terms and conditions of employment and Collins and his intended victim celebrated with a glass of champagne, although she took only ‘a couple of sips’, said the prosecutor.

But as they sat in the galley, he forced himself onto her and raped her. She was able to flee and drive away in her car.

Mr Nardone said the teenager did not tell anyone about the incident – until she saw a newspaper article describing a similar rape on a boat in 2000. She told police and she was able to identify Collins on a police photo board.

'Sophisticated tactics': Collins promised his victims a life of luxury on board his yacht, the Pan Pacific, in Queensland, Australia

The prosecutor said Collins’ tactics ‘grew more sophisticated’ as he went on to hire and then rape another six young women in ‘remarkably similar circumstances’.

Two of the women fell pregnant as a result of the rapes, said Mr Nardone.

Collins’ final victim was just 19 when she responded to a job advertisement placed by Collins. He picked her up and, after they stopped to buy drinks, they travelled to the yacht for dinner.

When it grew late the young woman asked to take a shower and go to bed and was told she could use the shower in the main cabin – where Collins slept – because none of the other showers were working.

When she came out of the shower Collins forced her onto the bed and raped her twice. Police were later able to use DNA technology to link Collins to the assault.

But by then he had fled from Queensland, leaving his yacht behind.

He was able to avoid police for six years, said Mr Nardone, before he was arrested in South Australia in 2006.

There were, the prosecutor told the jury, ‘remarkable similarities’ in all the women’s stories over the 14-year period Collins had offended and this was an indicator they were each telling the truth.

It took the jury a week to deliberate the case before returning to the court today to find Collins guilty of most of the total of 22 charges against him.

After the jury announced their decision, the aging Collins insisted he had been unfairly convicted.

‘I just can’t believe that,’ he told the court. ‘I am 100 per cent innocent and I’ve been found guilty of all of these crimes.’ He will be sentenced on April 3.

@highlight

Skipper John Collins, 74, assaulted seven young women on board his yacht

@highlight

Lured victims with prospect of job as on-board nanny

@highlight

Found guilty of 10 counts of rape at court in Brisbane, AustraliaIf you're thinking of adding to your property portfolio, today may be the best day to take out your chequebook as more than 3000 homes are going under the hammer all over the country.

While it may be election day in NSW, 1100 houses will go up for auction on Saturday March 28 while 1400 properties are expected to be sold in Victoria. 

The pre-Easter Saturday sale day